JinSoul: She is doing a photo shoot quietly
JinSoul: In opposition to ‘The Carol 2.0’ filming’s!
JinSoul: Look like Candy!
HaSeul: (Surprising appearance!) Hello~ Chuu!
HaSeul: You're so cute~
Chuu: Thanks~
(HaSeul PD doesn’t miss any moments!
HaSeul: How do you feel today?
Chuu: I’m happy to wear various outfits~
Chuu: (Bragging) I wore real hot pink outfits~
HaSeul: Yeah~
Chuu: And yellow outfits~
Chuu: Also I wore green clothes!
#NowPlaying “LOOΠΔ / Chuu - Heart Attack”
(Chuu’s photo shoot has ended!!)
Yves: Our tenth member!
Chuu: Hello~
JinSou: You’re still positive and bright…
Chuu: No~ I’m always modest and calm~
Chuu: Modest~
JinSoul: She doesn’t get tired…
Chuu: Anyway, I’m very happy that my first photo shooting has ended successfully~
Chuu: And it was very excited~
(They stand like a morning soccer club…)
HaSeul: 3, 2!
All: Until now, this has been LOOΠΔ!
(The last close up shot of today!)
Choerry: Today’s heroine!